layout: post
comments: true

title: Data Visualzation: The Good and The Bad 
description: Data sets that might work and might now work for us
author:Torene H 
email: toreneharvin2016@u.northwestern.edu
twitter: torhar
The data set that did not work for me was the <a href=“ https://opendata.socrata.com/Fun/Top-1-000-Songs-To-Hear-Before-You-Die/ed74-c6ni/> Top 1,000 Songs to Hear Before You Die/a>. This data set is too basic for me. 
It reminds me of a billboard chart. It’s too long, and I think it could have been done more interactively. 
This data set is not confusing, but it can be quite annoying if you have to scroll through hundreds of songs. Also, what may be a 
little distracting is the way things are listed. First, it starts off with the themes. Then, the title of the song and the artist. 


The creator of this data set should have started with the the name of the artist. Then, allow the users to have the options to 
click on that artist’s name to see what their greatest songs were in a list. They also would be able to see the category of the 
artist’s song as well as the year it cam out. 

Another thing that I would like to see is a line graph of the artist’s music and where it peaked on the billboard charts. 
As a journalist who studies music too, I like to see how the songs have been on the charts. Lastly, the Spotify link is a bit much for 
this data set. Now that we are know how to find music for free, it is less of a helpful to have a link. For some people, 
I know they do not like paying for music. The second data visualization that I found was off of the New York Times
(http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/05/28/upshot/you-draw-it-how-family-income-affects-childrens-college-chances.html?abt=0002&abg=1&_r=0 ). 
What was very interesting to me was that the New York Times allowed it’s audience to predict the findings before going to the next page. 
The graph consisted of percent of children who attended college based of the parents’ income. I predicted that the income would have begun
at 50 percent, then drop to 40 percent. 

After I submitted my predictions, the article displayed the correct answers. In the article, 25 percent of the children go to college 
based off of their parent’s income, then the percentage gets higher. The more the parent makes, the more children attend college. 

The excerpt below details why some student go to college over others: 
“The rise in inequality in recent decades means that there is now quite a large income gap between the very rich and merely affluent: 
A tuition bill could scare off a family making $100,000 in a way it would not scare off one making $1 million. The very rich often 
send their children to different high schools, too, which may improve their chances of going to college. And the very rich are themselves 
more likely to have attended college.” – via New York Times. 
