---
layout: post
comments: true

title: Chicago Employee Overtime 
description: 2015 List of emploees paid overtime 

author:Torene H 
email: toreneharvin2016@u.northwestern.edu
twitter: torharv
---The excel spread sheet that I have done was the Employee Overtime and Supplemental Earnings in Chicago. 
For some of the finding, many of the city employees made over $50,000In overtime from January 2015- December 2015. 
Out of the 24,000+ city employees listed Police sergeant, Brian p. Forberg, is amongst the thousands who have warned over $137,000 in overtime. His pay has exceeded everyone’s overtime every month. In the month of August, he has earned almost $20,000. Which is the highest amount of money he has earned. 

One person who has earned less than $15,000 than Foreberg was, Fire Deputy District Chief, Ernest Brodersen. However, in the month of September, he had made almost $10,000 in overtime than Forberg. Both the top two highest paid city employees have had a close range of money earned each month. In June, both employees closed out each month making between $11-12,000. 

For the months of January and February, was Brodersen’s weakest months because he did not make any money. If he had closed the month out in overtime for both of those months, he would totaled out his overtime by the end of the year just as close to Forberg, or perhaps made a little more than him. 

Out of  all of the employees,Neftali R. Soto, a police officer, earned over $50,000 in overtime in the month of February. Unfortunately, Soto did not have had any more overtime pay since then. 



<iframe width="600" height="371" seamless frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sE7ss0ntr9Lw25GbfxEryq3UCmmT5tF4sPR7cCz_spY/pubchart?oid=306484527&amp;format=interactive"></iframe>
